README.md, before:

# Backend Hyperlink Bundle

This bundle offers a simple backend hyperlink form field (text link or button).

> For Contao 3 compability check out the [contao-3 branch](https://github.com/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink_bundle/tree/contao-3).

## Technical instructions

Just add the field to some of your data container arrays as follows:

```
$GLOBALS['TL_DCA']['tl_*']['fields']['myHyperlink'] = array
(
    'label'     => &$GLOBALS['TL_LANG']['tl_*']['myHyperlink'],
    'inputType' => 'hyperlink',
    'eval'      => array(
        'hideLabel' => true,
        'text' => &$GLOBALS['TL_LANG']['tl_*']['myHyperlinkText'], // string
        'linkClass'    => 'tl_submit', // use this for contao's button styling
        'tl_class' => 'long',
        'target' => '_blank',
        // the url can be specified as string, callback array ora callable function
        'url'      => 'http://www.example.org',
        'url'      => ['MyClass', 'getUrl'],
        'url'      => function(\DataContainer $objDc) {
            return sprintf('http://www.example.org?id=%s', $objDc->id);
        }
    )
);
```

Commit message:

updated readme and travis config

README.md, after:

# Backend Hyperlink Bundle

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink-bundle/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink-bundle)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink-bundle/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink-bundle)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink-bundle.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink-bundle)
[![Coveralls github](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/github/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink_bundle.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink-bundle)

This bundle offers a simple backend hyperlink form field (text link or button).

> For Contao 3 compability check out the [contao-3 branch](https://github.com/heimrichhannot/contao-be_hyperlink-bundle/tree/contao-3).

## Requirements

* Contao 4 (only tested with 4.4 LTS)
* PHP7 (only tested with PHP ^7.1)

## Technical instructions

Just add the field to some of your data container arrays as follows:

```
$GLOBALS['TL_DCA']['tl_*']['fields']['myHyperlink'] = array
(
    'label'     => &$GLOBALS['TL_LANG']['tl_*']['myHyperlink'],
    'inputType' => 'hyperlink',
    'eval'      => array(
        'hideLabel' => true,
        'text' => &$GLOBALS['TL_LANG']['tl_*']['myHyperlinkText'], // string
        'linkClass'    => 'tl_submit', // use this for contao's button styling
        'tl_class' => 'long',
        'target' => '_blank',
        // the url can be specified as string, callback array ora callable function
        'url'      => 'http://www.example.org',
        'url'      => ['MyClass', 'getUrl'],
        'url'      => function(\DataContainer $objDc) {
            return sprintf('http://www.example.org?id=%s', $objDc->id);
        }
    )
);
```
